# Data-Compression-Network-Opinion-Control

With the increasing popularity of large social networks, promoting brands, products, or ideas now leverages online media and the internet. Digital marketing is an effective strategy and offers many possibilities. Therefore, one needs to be creative and plan the marketing tactics constrained to their budget. We formulate this problem as a sparse control design problem as follows.

Consider a social network with N people and an external agent (or manipulator) who wants to influence the network members to adopt a new product or idea. We denote the network's opinion at time k as an N-length vector xk, where the ith entry of xk denotes the opinion of the ith person in the network. The network opinion follows a linear dynamical system given by x_k+1 = Ax_k+u. Here, the ith row of the network matrix A denotes the influence of xk on the ith entry of xk+1 i.e., it represents how the future opinion of ith person is influenced by their neighbors' present opinions. Further, uk represents the influence of the external manipulator. The manipulator aims to choose uk to drive the network opinion to a desired state that favors the manipulator within N time steps. However, due to resource/budget constraints, the manipulator can only influence s persons at every time instant i.e., uk is s-sparse for k=1,2,...,N. The project tries to solve for the long sparse vector uT = [u1T u2T ... uNT], a concatenation of N sparse vectors. This particular sparse structure is called piecewise sparsity. The project's goal is to solve the control inputs for the manipulator to drive the network opinion from a given initial state to a given desired state. 
